Nowadays, artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, especially deep neural networks (DNNs), play an vital role in solving many problems in both academia and industry. In order to simultaneously meet the demand of performance, energy efficiency and flexibility in DNN processing, various reconfigurable AI chips have been proposed in the past several years. They are based on FPGA or CGRA platforms and have domain-specific reconfigurability to customize the computing units and data paths for different DNN tasks without re-produce the chips. This paper surveys typical reconfigurable AI chips from three reconfiguration hierarchies: processing element level, processing element array level, and chip level. Each reconfiguration hierarchy covers a set of important optimization techniques for DNN computation which are frequently adopted in real life. This paper lists the reconfigurable AI chip works in chronological order, discusses the hardware development process for each optimization techniques, and analyzes the necessity of reconfigurability in AI tasks processing. The trends of each reconfiguration hierarchy and insights about the cooperation of techniques from different hierarchies are also proposed.

Batman[a] is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and debuted in the 27th issue of the comic book Detective Comics on March 30, 1939. In the DC Universe continuity, Batman is the alias of Bruce Wayne, a wealthy American playboy, philanthropist, and industrialist who resides in Gotham City. Batman's origin story features him swearing vengeance against criminals after witnessing the murder of his parents Thomas and Martha as a child, a vendetta tempered with the ideal of justice. He trains himself physically and intellectually, crafts a bat-inspired persona, and monitors the Gotham streets at night. Kane, Finger, and other creators accompanied Batman with supporting characters, including his sidekicks Robin and Batgirl; allies Alfred Pennyworth, James Gordon, and Catwoman; and foes such as the Penguin, the Riddler, Two-Face, and his archenemy, the Joker. 